README.md, before:

# vue-record

> custom components for MediaRecorder API

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url] [![License][license-image]][license-url]

Checkout the [demo](https://codekraft-studio.github.io/vue-record/) to see it in action.

## Installation

Download the project using your favourite package manager:

```
npm install @codekraft-studio/vue-record
```

Load it inside your project and use it:

```js
import Vue from 'vue'
import VueRecord from '@codekraft-studio/vue-record'

Vue.use(VueRecord)
```

Now you have access to the global defined components, here an example:

```html
<VueRecordAudio />
<VueRecordVideo />
```

## Usage

Use the components in your template with different modes and properties to customize the behavior and the recording output.

Both of the provided components can be used as the following pseudo code example:

```html
<Component :mode="recMode" @stream="onStream" @result="onResult" />
```

#### Modes

The are only two usage modes and can be selected with the __mode__ property:

* __hold__: Hold is the default mode and it means the recording start when the button is clicked or pressed and stops when is released, basically it _record only when holding the button_.
* __press__: Press will start the recording once the button is pressed and it will stop the recording when the button is pressed again, so it will _record until stopped_.

#### Events

* __stream__: The stream event is emitted when the user media device stream is captured and contains the original [MediaStream](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaStream) object.
* __result__: The result event is emitted once a recording has been completed and contains the [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) data of the recording.

By default it's on __hold__ mode, so the recording start when the button is pressed and stops when the button is released.
But you can change this behaviour using a different mode, the available modes are: `hold` and `press`.

---

## Examples

### Recording Audio

It's simple as adding the component and listening for the __result__ event:

```html
<vue-record-audio @result="onResult" />
```

```js
export default {
  methods: {
    onResult (data) {
      console.log('The blob data:', data);
      console.log('Downloadable audio', window.URL.createObjectURL(data));
    }
  }
}
```

> We're using [this polyfill](https://github.com/kbumsik/opus-media-recorder) for Safari.

### Recording Video

It's simple as adding the component and listening for the __result__ event:

```html
<vue-record-video @result="onResult" />
```

```js
export default {
  methods: {
    onResult (data) {
      console.log('The blob data:', data);
      console.log('Downloadable video', window.URL.createObjectURL(data));
    }
  }
}
```

> It doesn't work on Safari, we should consider [this polyfill](https://github.com/CameraKit/webm-media-recorder).

---

## License

Released with [MIT License](./LICENSE) © [codekraft-studio](https://github.com/codekraft-studio)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/%40codekraft-studio%2Fvue-record.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@codekraft-studio/vue-record

[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/codekraft-studio/vue-record.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/codekraft-studio/vue-record

[license-url]: https://github.com/codekraft-studio/vue-record/blob/master/LICENSE
[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg

Commit message:

feat(): play around vue-record and add ability to specify custom start and end time for video

README.md, after:

# Changes
Add ability to specify custom start and end time for videos.

# vue-record

> custom components for MediaRecorder API

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url] [![License][license-image]][license-url]

Checkout the [demo](https://codekraft-studio.github.io/vue-record/) to see it in action.

## Installation

Download the project using your favourite package manager:

```
npm install @codekraft-studio/vue-record
```

Load it inside your project and use it:

```js
import Vue from 'vue'
import VueRecord from '@codekraft-studio/vue-record'

Vue.use(VueRecord)
```

Now you have access to the global defined components, here an example:

```html
<VueRecordAudio />
<VueRecordVideo />
```

## Usage

Use the components in your template with different modes and properties to customize the behavior and the recording output.

Both of the provided components can be used as the following pseudo code example:

```html
<Component :mode="recMode" @stream="onStream" @result="onResult" />
```

#### Modes

The are only two usage modes and can be selected with the __mode__ property:

* __hold__: Hold is the default mode and it means the recording start when the button is clicked or pressed and stops when is released, basically it _record only when holding the button_.
* __press__: Press will start the recording once the button is pressed and it will stop the recording when the button is pressed again, so it will _record until stopped_.

#### Events

* __stream__: The stream event is emitted when the user media device stream is captured and contains the original [MediaStream](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaStream) object.
* __result__: The result event is emitted once a recording has been completed and contains the [Blob](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Blob) data of the recording.

By default it's on __hold__ mode, so the recording start when the button is pressed and stops when the button is released.
But you can change this behaviour using a different mode, the available modes are: `hold` and `press`.

---

## Examples

### Recording Audio

It's simple as adding the component and listening for the __result__ event:

```html
<vue-record-audio @result="onResult" />
```

```js
export default {
  methods: {
    onResult (data) {
      console.log('The blob data:', data);
      console.log('Downloadable audio', window.URL.createObjectURL(data));
    }
  }
}
```

> We're using [this polyfill](https://github.com/kbumsik/opus-media-recorder) for Safari.

### Recording Video

It's simple as adding the component and listening for the __result__ event:

```html
<vue-record-video @result="onResult" />
```

```js
export default {
  methods: {
    onResult (data) {
      console.log('The blob data:', data);
      console.log('Downloadable video', window.URL.createObjectURL(data));
    }
  }
}
```

> It doesn't work on Safari, we should consider [this polyfill](https://github.com/CameraKit/webm-media-recorder).

---

## License

Released with [MIT License](./LICENSE) © [codekraft-studio](https://github.com/codekraft-studio)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/%40codekraft-studio%2Fvue-record.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@codekraft-studio/vue-record

[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/codekraft-studio/vue-record.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/codekraft-studio/vue-record

[license-url]: https://github.com/codekraft-studio/vue-record/blob/master/LICENSE
[license-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
